{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Credit to devslopes.com for the tutorial where this project came from.\
\
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5b91dFhZz0g\
\
 www.devslopes.com\
 \
 From video description:\
 \
 Go from beginner to paid professional at www.devslopes.com\
\
In this video, you will learn how to make an iPhone app. This tutorial is created with Xcode 9 and Swift 4. Start learning Swift app development today.\
\
Learn to Code. Check out the all new Devslopes 2.0 - Visit https://devslopes.com to learn more.\
\
Devslopes 2.0 launches February 1st 2018! Get notified on special Early Bird deals! Visit https://devslopes.com\
\
In this iOS tutorial you'll learn how to make an iPhone app for beginners with no coding experience!\
This tutorial is an introduction of everything you need to start making apps with Xcode 9 and other resources that Apple provides.\
\
Download the Hustle Mode App Asset here: \
http://bit.ly/hustle-mode-asssets\
\
Download the Hustle Mode App Source Code here:\
http://bit.ly/hustle-mode-source-code\
\
This video uses the latest and greatest from Apple (Xcode 9, Swift 4, iOS 11) and will teach you how to build a really cool iPhone app for iOS 11. This tutorial is designed for absolute beginners and no prior coding experience is required. You'll build your very first app with cool animations and sound effects - "Hustle Mode" \
\
Go to https://devslopes.com and checkout everything new in Devslopes 2.0\
\
Be sure to subscribe and get more helpful programming tutorials\
https://www.youtube.com/devslopes \
\
Devslopes is dedicated to teaching beginners and non-programmers all about building mobile apps for iOS and Android, Web, Backend and Blockchain development. We've taught over 200,000 students how to code. \
\
Our students have gotten jobs, made career changes, launched and sold start-ups, & much more. Some are at companies changing the world.}